       Hello everyone,we will search something we need with search engine. Will you use Google or baidu?
totay I would like to compare google with baidu.

       And i will compare them from the following four aspects: search result when search the same,
advertisement, market and convenience.

        first, search "java" in baidu , and you will find that nothing is useful in the right. Even the content 
in the lower right corner has nothing to do with the search content
        And then search the same content in google, you will find nothing useless, and At the top is the 
java official website. You cant get it when you search “java” in Baidu unless you search “official java 
website”. I think that is what i need most.
        So,you know baidu give you what he wants to give and google give you what you want .
 
        If you search for something you can find on Taobao and You will get an ad at the top.
The situation is the same in both .But there are some differences in the details
        Baidu gives high priority to some fake websites.Baidu should bear some responsibility for some 
fraudulent acts.Google made a detailed statement for the ads and established standards for advertising.
These you can’t find in Baidu.
        I don't care advertisement in search result , but i'm really mindful of the ads inside the pages.
When you open a web page, 80% of the content of the page is advertised.This is a huge waste of time

         Baidu is just for Chinese , so it only has the Chinese market,almost no overseas users.At the same 
time, it is difficult for you to obtain information overseas
         Google is open to the world , and most of people in the world choose google.

          Using Google  requires a VPN, and It costs money to get a VPN. But you can use 
Baidu directly without VPN. 
          In addition,Google's servers are overseas, so access may be a little slower, but I don't mind.

          Regardless of convience, Google is better than Baidu in every aspect.
          Fifteen years ago, in the United States and China, two search engine companies started almost simultaneously, 
and fifteen years later, one was studying the feasibility of a quantum computer, 
and the other was studying how to help people sell counterfeit drugs

